welcome to Lucas Oil AMA Pro Motocross
Championship racing for the legendary
unadilla Valley sport center in upstate
New York it's a retro weekend
celebrating 40 years of racing at the
famed circuit tell us one of the
toughest races on the track and it leads
to some exciting racing as proof we'll
give you the highlights first a 250
class in moto one Martin Davalos going
to get the start on the KTM but it
wouldn't last soon christophe pourcel
with Bulldog his way around and simply
take off for sale and moto one at a
completely different level than everyone
else leaving some amazing racing behind
him you had Jake Weimer in the hunt you
had Davalos you had Justin Barcia and
Blake Wharton Ryan Dungey and Austin
Stroupe coming back from injury all
duking it out Ryan Dungey is the one
battling herself for the championship
he'd make the passes he would need to
make getting around weimer finally to
move into the number two spot but by
then the damage was done poor cell was
gone weimer holds on for third that's
moto one of the 250 class don't you
looking for a better start in moto 2 he
has the inside gate but as you see poor
cells able to get in front of him hold
the line and get the holeshot at moto 2
and no surprise her cell checked out
again again just add a completely
different level than everyone else in
the 250 class today he would roll to a
dominant 11 performance Dungey had a few
bad lines on lap one actually went as
far back at seventh he'd have to work
his way past riders like Marcia and
Stroupe and Wharton and Weimer but by
the end of the day the fitness of Dungey
would went out he would finish second
they give up six points to his
championship rival herself who is simply
on another planet that's your 250 class
where cells going to hold the point's
lead and be the only rider with a red
plate at our next race at Budds Creek
let's go to the 450s in moto one
familiar name getting the whole shot
Alessi Jeff Alessi Davi Millsaps we put
the pressure on that unless he would
crash hard on lap two Millsaps had had
the lead Chad Reed was back outside the
top five he'd move his way up to second
and then start chipping in to the big
lead that Millsaps had for retro weekend
Millsaps is running a 1995 Jeremy
McGrath look-alike Honda it looked good
while he's out front but it wouldn't
last we'd would be able to make the move
and run away with the moto win then Tom
haan on the motorsport calm Canada
Kawasaki would also get Millsaps for
second Millsaps hung tough to take third
at moto one motor number two it's justin
brayton the KTM battling for the whole
shop at Andrew short Brayton would get
the start short we get around him short
running on the 1986 inspired Honda motif
would lead the first couple of laps but
then there's Chad Reed in the 22 the
shark in the waters he would get around
Brayton then he would get around short
and by the halfway point he was obvious
Chad Reed was going to go 11 again and
further extend his championship points
lead in Ivan Tedesco on the 1974 hunt a
lesson or looking Honda in the hunt he
was up there battling was short and
Brayton as well as Michael Byrne it was
a tough moto for Tommy Hahn who would
end up 16th after an early crash when it
was all said and done Reed had himself a
moto victory and an overall win joined
the podium by Andrew short and Michael
Byrne that's your racing from Unadilla
we'll catch you next week from Budds
Creek remember we'll be live on NBC at
three pm eastern next Saturday or just
be there in person for more Lucas Oil
AMA Pro Motocross Championship racing